Added some more context around speed policy (#1158)
btcpayserver/btcpayserver-doc: docs/Wallet.md

### Settings

In the top right corner of your `wallet` you will find the `wallet settings`.
In the wallet settings tab you can adjust certain settings. If you've configured your wallet by [creating a new wallet](./CreateWallet.md) or using an existing wallet via the [hardware wallet integration](./HardwareWalletIntegration.md) these settings will be pre-configured.

If you manually added the extended public key from an external wallet, you'd need to adjust `AccountKeyPath` that you can find in your external wallet, for example `m/84'/0'/0'` to be able to spend from the BTCPay Wallet.

In `wallet settings` you will also find the `speed policy` for the specific store. 

> There's 2 main settings under `Payment`, [Payment invalid if transaction fails to confirm in ... after invoice creation](./FAQ/Stores.md#payment-invalid-if-transactions-fails-to-confirm--minutes-after-invoice-expiration) and [Consider the invoice confirmed when the payment transaction...](./FAQ/Stores/#consider-the-invoice-confirmed-when-the-payment-transaction). The latter let's you set the amount of confirmations required to be recognized as confirmed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are 2 main settings under `Payment`, [Payment invalid if transaction fails to confirm in ... after invoice creation](./FAQ/Stores.md#payment-invalid-if-transactions-fails-to-confirm--minutes-after-invoice-expiration) and [Consider the invoice confirmed when the payment transaction...](./FAQ/Stores/#consider-the-invoice-confirmed-when-the-payment-transaction). The latter lets you set the number of confirmations required to be recognized as settled. 
```
